Add a separate test suite for runtime scheme code (#240)
purescm/purescm: README.md

scheme --program output/main
```

## Development

### Running the tests

To run all tests, run `npm run test`. This will run both the scheme runtime unit tests and the snapshot tests.

To overwrite old snapshots with the latest output, run `npm run test -- -a "--accept"`.
To add a new snapshot, create a file called `Snapshot.X.purs` where `X` indicates what is being tested.

> If a snapshot needs a dependency, install it by running `spago -x test-snapshots/spago.dhall install <packages...>`. The snapshots have their own `spago.dhall` file so as not to pollute the `purescm` binary with unneeded dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a snapshot needs a dependency, install it by running `cd test-snapshots && spago install <packages...>`.
```

Author: Cool, I meant to ask you about whether we should update this.
